A scattered dream that's like a far-off memory...
A far-off memory that's like a scattered dream...
I want to line the pieces up... yours, and mine.

Keybrands+ Re:coded is, as the name suggests, a full rewrite of the original Keybrands+ mod that I made a very long time ago.
It aims to add many keybrands with some being stronger or more versatile than others and also to expand the concepts of multi-class weaponry and equipment.
Gather keybrands throughout the game to combat the Heartless threat and become the one true keybrand master!

Currently, this mod adds:
Many, many keybrands, most providing alternate attack modes and attached abilities, plus a rework of the original Keybrand
A new town NPC, the Keybrand Master who sells restorative potions and useful materials
A new currency, Munny, used to purchase various goods
Several crafting materials, used to make and upgrade keybrands, among other things
Several consumables, including a salty yet sweet treat, and a panacea to cure all that ails you
Several accessories, including the Crown Charm which will grant you a second chance, and multiple tiers of enhanced gliding
This mod also introduces a new resource used by keybrands, MP, which does not regenerate naturally but can be restored through several methods and will recharge when depleted

Planned features:
Many more keybrands! It wouldn't be Keybrands+ without them!
Several different Heartless and Nobody types to fight
An item synthesis system with recipes that need to be deciphered
Sub-armor, equipment that can be synthesized to increase certain stats
The ability to increase your maximum MP
And much more!

Developers:
 Chem - Creator of Keybrands+ and lead dev
 Dan Yami - Lead dev

Contributors:
 Licflagg, Q, LuftRaptor - Ideas and support

Version History:
-1.0.9-
Improved dust visuals for Zenithite, Zenithite+, and Draconic Flare

-1.0.8-
Keybrands only make enemies drop hearts on death, it's also no longer guaranteed

-1.0.7-
Added Quick Ether hotkey (bound to F by default)

-1.0.6-
Fixed alignment not updating correctly

-1.0.5-
Enemies will always drop at least 1 MP prize if it fails to roll the higher drop amounts
Fixed Flame Liberator's glowmask being visible when it shouldn't (right click attack)

-1.0.4-
MP Charge now only lasts for 20 seconds when depleted, down from 30
Added some proper glowmasks
Added a new dye, mostly to get away with not adding a glowmask for wings

-1.0.3-
Your current/max MP is now visible when your cursor is over the bar
You now start with 10 Ethers
MP is now fully restored on death
Munny is no longer attracted by Treasure Magnet and its upgrades if it was dropped by a player

-1.0.2-
Added credits

-1.0.1-
Github integration, icon is now visible on the browser

-1.0.0- "Awakening"
Initial Release